Clarify protected header (#40)
ietf-wg-jose/draft-ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt: draft-ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt.md

Recipients using JOSE-HPKE can be added alongside other recpients (e.g., `ECDH-ES+A128KW` or `RSA-OAEP-384`), as HPKE is used to encrypt the
Content Encryption Key, which is then processed as specified in JWE.

> The use of the content encryption protected header encoding remains consistent with existing JWE formatting rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The encoding of the protected header used for content encryption remains consistent with existing JWE formatting rules.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The encoding of the protected header encoding remains consistent with existing JWE formatting rules.
```
An even simpler suggestion.  I deleted "content encryption" because the header encodes more than the content encryption information.
